right let's have a look at the quick
lock goosenecks now in a bit more detail
start off the other than SLX 22 and i've
got the carbon fiber quick lock
gooseneck like all of our goose necks
recently they have a quick release which
fits into the top of the pole this has a
section of PU tubing so it's suitable
for any temperatures with the John guest
fitting on the end you connect that to
your pole hose slide the gooseneck in
and clamp tight this is the new 10 inch
carbon fiber quick lock version notice
we have a quick-release t-connector with
a little clip and we also have the
quick-release quick lock connector here
you just push the button in slide the
brush off disconnect there and you can
change brushes in seconds it's that
simple to change the brush that's the 10
inch carbon and that's a super light
medium mix jeweler and brush currently
our best-selling brush
we have a look now at the same thing
with a resi neck this is a quick lock
resi neck the same quick release action
on the pile the same fitting on the end
which goes in and would connect your
pole hose simple to push in and out lock
in position we've got a quick release
adjuster that can adjust to change the
angle and then we have the same quick
release feature you push the button in
and you pull off your brush disconnect
quickly from here like so and then you
go and get another brush you refit the
brush push the brush on button in and
then put the clip back up properly there
well that's the new quick lock system in
action on the new CL x2 + SL x2